# Data

The data that support the findings of this study are available at *[NOTE: add data files here when done]*, minus one training data file which Google's terms of use forbid publicly redistributing. For replication purposes, data equivalent to those in that file are freely available (up to a monthly usage quota) directly from the Google Routes API (https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/routes) by signing up for an API key from the Google Cloud Console (https://console.cloud.google.com/).

The input data themselves are available from OpenStreetMap and Google. The former are freely and openly available. The latter are free but proprietary and restrictions apply which forbid redistribution. They are available from the authors, with the permission of Google (restricted access due to source terms of use):
[here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1G444vNZN7TvW5C5Dw9VC_KBqy-iBaXQX?usp=sharing). It is organized according to the structure listed in the constants.py file. There are 3 folders: `input`, `intermediate`, and `output`. The `input` folder contains the all the data. Theoretically, we should be able to run the entire pipeline with just the data in the `input` folder. However, our project's existing results are constrained by and based on: 1. Google travel time we queried in the early 2024, which is the `intermediate/OD3am_routes_api.csv` file, 2. Street network we queried in the late 2023, which is the `intermediate/LA_clip_convex_strong_network_non_simplify_all_direction.graphml` file. The `output` folder contains the results of the analysis pipeline.
